com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets$2
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets$3
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.InsertDataIntoGoogleSheets$4
com/example/coleta_logsup/models/Baggage.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.models.Baggage
com/example/coleta_logsup/utils/UserListAdapter.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.UserListAdapter
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.UserListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.UserListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.UserListAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.UserListAdapter$ViewHolder$3
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/users/UserNewActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UserNewActivity
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UserNewActivity$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/models/Airport.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.models.Airport
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/airports/AirportNewActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.airports.AirportNewActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/EnterBarCodeActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.EnterBarCodeActivity
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.EnterBarCodeActivity$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.BuildConfig
com/example/coleta_logsup/enums/Category.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.enums.Category
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/users/UsersActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UsersActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/users/UserEditActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UserEditActivity
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UserEditActivity$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/TestSaveBarCodeIntoExcel.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.TestSaveBarCodeIntoExcel
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.TestSaveBarCodeIntoExcel$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.TestSaveBarCodeIntoExcel$DadosPlanilha
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/baggages/BaggageShowActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.baggages.BaggageShowActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/UploadPhoto.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.UploadPhoto
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.UploadPhoto$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/seeds/BaggagesSeeds.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.seeds.BaggagesSeeds
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/ScanCodeActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.ScanCodeActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/airports/AirportEditActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.airports.AirportEditActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/seeds/UsersSeeds.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.seeds.UsersSeeds
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/SuccessActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.SuccessActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/utils/BaggageListAdapter.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.BaggageListAdapter
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.BaggageListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.BaggageListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.BaggageListAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.BaggageListAdapter$ViewHolder$3
com/example/coleta_logsup/enums/Roles.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.enums.Roles
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/LoginActivity01.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.LoginActivity01
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.LoginActivity01$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.LoginActivity01$2
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/seeds/AirportsSeeds.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.seeds.AirportsSeeds
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/airports/AirportsActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.airports.AirportsActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/utils/Connection.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.Connection
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/users/UserShowActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.users.UserShowActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/baggages/BaggageEditActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.baggages.BaggageEditActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/baggages/BaggageNewActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.baggages.BaggageNewActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/AirportDAO.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.AirportDAO
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/baggages/BaggagesActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.baggages.BaggagesActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/UserDAO.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.UserDAO
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/AddItem.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.AddItem
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.AddItem$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.AddItem$2
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.AddItem$3
com/example/coleta_logsup/utils/AirportListAdapter.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.AirportListAdapter
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.AirportListAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.coleta_logsup.utils.AirportListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/airports/AirportShowActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.airports.AirportShowActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/StartActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.StartActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/MainMenuActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.MainMenuActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/models/User.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.models.User
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.LoginActivity
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/JustifyActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.JustifyActivity
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.JustifyActivity$1
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/ActivityMain.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.ActivityMain
com/example/coleta_logsup/daos/BaggageDAO.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.daos.BaggageDAO
com/example/coleta_logsup/factories/DatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.factories.DatabaseFactory
com/example/coleta_logsup/activities/ScanActivity.java
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.ScanActivity
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.ScanActivity$1
 com.example.coleta_logsup.activities.ScanActivity$DadosPlanilha
